Azure AD Reporting quarterly updates Q4 FY2021 (#13194)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/signin.md

|authenticationMethodsUsed|String collection|The authentication methods used. Possible values: `SMS`, `Authenticator App`, `App Verification code`, `Password`, `FIDO`, `PTA`, or `PHS`.|
|authenticationProcessingDetails|[keyValue](keyvalue.md) collection|Additional authentication processing details, such as the agent name in case of PTA/PHS or Server/farm name in case of federated authentication.|
|authenticationRequirement | String | This holds the highest level of authentication needed through all the sign-in steps, for sign-in to succeed. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only).|
|authenticationRequirementPolicies|[authenticationRequirementPolicy](../resources/authenticationrequirementpolicy.md) collection|Sources of authentication requirement, such as conditional access, per-user MFA, identity protection, and security defaults.|

> |autonomousSystemNumber|Int32|The Autonomous System Number (ASN) of the network used by the actor in the sign-in event.|

Reviewer: Remove "in the sign-in event".  Same goes for crossTenantAccessType.

|clientAppUsed|String|The legacy client used for sign-in activity. For example: `Browser`, `Exchange Active Sync`, `Modern clients`, `IMAP`, `MAPI`, `SMTP`, or `POP`. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only). |
|conditionalAccessStatus|conditionalAccessStatus| The status of the conditional access policy triggered. Possible values: `success`, `failure`, `notApplied`, or `unknownFutureValue`. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|
|correlationId|String|The identifier that's sent from the client when sign-in is initiated. This is used for troubleshooting the corresponding sign-in activity when calling for support. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time the sign-in was initiated. The Timestamp type is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Supports `$orderby` and `$filter` (`eq`, `le`, and `ge` operators only).|

> |crossTenantAccessType|signInAccessType|Describes the type of cross tenant access used by to access the resource in the sign-in event. Possible values are: `none`, `b2bCollaboration`, `b2bDirectConnect`, `microsoftSupport`, `serviceProvider`, `unknownFutureValue`. If the sign-in event did not cross tenant boundaries, the value is `none`.|

Reviewer 2: Incomplete sentence in description?

|deviceDetail|[deviceDetail](devicedetail.md)|The device information from where the sign-in occurred. Includes information such as deviceId, OS, and browser. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only) on **browser** and **operatingSytem** properties.|

> |flaggedForReview|Boolean|During a failed sign in, a user may click a button in the Azure AD UX to mark the failed event for tenant admins. If a user clicked the button to flag a sign-in event, this value is true.|

Reviewer 2: Suggestion only if you meant the Portal and not another UI. If another UI, please indicate so.
```suggestion
|flaggedForReview|Boolean|During a failed sign in, a user may click a button in the Azure Portal to mark the failed event for tenant admins. If a user clicked the button to flag a sign-in event, this value is `true`.|
```

|homeTenantId|String|The tenant identifier of the user initiating the sign-in. Not applicable in Managed Identity or Service Principal sign-ins.|
|id|String|The identifier representing the sign-in activity. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|
|ipAddress|String|The IP address of the client from where the sign-in occurred. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only).|

> |isInteractive|Boolean|Indicates whether a sign-in is interactive or not.|

Reviewer 2: missing property: **ipAddressFromResourceProvider**.

> |isInteractive|Boolean|Indicates whether a user sign-in is interactive or not. In interactive sign-ins, the user provides an authentication factor to Azure AD. These factors include passwords, responses to MFA challenges, biometric factors, or QR codes that a user provides to Azure AD or to an associated app. In non-interactive sign-ins, the user does not provide an authentication factor; instead, the client app uses a token or code to authenticate or access a resource on behalf of a user. Non-interactive sign ins are commonly used for a client to sign in on a user's behalf in a process transparent to the user.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|isInteractive|Boolean|Indicates whether a user sign-in is interactive. In interactive sign-ins, the user provides an authentication factor to Azure AD. These factors include passwords, responses to MFA challenges, biometric factors, or QR codes that a user provides to Azure AD or to an associated app. In non-interactive sign-ins, the user does not provide an authentication factor; instead, the client app uses a token or code to authenticate or access a resource on behalf of a user. Non-interactive sign ins are commonly used for a client to sign in on a user's behalf in a process transparent to the user.|
```

> |isTenantRestricted|Boolean|**TODO: Add Description**|

Reviewer: Make sure you fix the TODOs

Author: Ack on this - can I edit them in the "Files Changed" tab in the PR or do I have to edit locally and push a new PR to fix it?

Reviewer: You're best off editing locally and pushing a new PR.  Address all the comments in one shot and push a new PR.

|location|[signInLocation](signinlocation.md)|The city, state, and 2 letter country code from where the sign-in occurred. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only) on **city**, **state**, and **countryOrRegion** properties.|

> |mfaDetail|[mfaDetail](../resources/mfadetail.md)|**TODO: Add Description**|

Reviewer 2: TODO + the complex type.

|networkLocationDetails|[networkLocationDetail](networklocationdetail.md) collection|The network location details including the type of network used and its names.|
|originalRequestId|String|The request identifier of the first request in the authentication sequence. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|

> |privateLinkDetails|[privateLinkDetails](../resources/privatelinkdetails.md)|Contains information about the Azure AD Private Link policy associated with the sign-in event.|

Author: Ack - asked the team for the best doc on Private Link Policy

|signInIdentifierType|signInIdentifierType|Provides the type of sign-in identifier. Possible values are: `userPrincipalName`, `phoneNumber`, `proxyAddress`, `qrCode`, `onPremisesUserPrincipalName`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
|status|[signInStatus](signinstatus.md)|The sign-in status. Includes the error code and description of the error (in case of a sign-in failure). Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only) on **errorCode** property.|
|tokenIssuerName|String|The name of the identity provider. For example, `sts.microsoft.com`. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|
|tokenIssuerType|tokenIssuerType|The type of identity provider. Possible values: `AzureAD`, `ADFederationServices`, or `UnknownFutureValue`.|
|userAgent|String|The user agent information related to sign-in. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only).|
|userDisplayName|String|The display name of the user. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only).|
|userId|String|The identifier of the user. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|
|userPrincipalName|String|The UPN of the user. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only).|

> |userType|signInUserType|Identifies whether the user is a member or guest in the tenant that performed the sign in. Possible values are: `member`, `guest`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

Reviewer 2: missing Enum declaration for **signInUserType**.

Author: I'll add them. Enums are as follows:

o	interactiveUser 
o	nonInteractiveUser 
o	servicePrincipal 
o	managedIdentity
